[Music begins, Chimera logo]
[Chimera negative logo]
[Logo design]
[Logo example, Tamarindo Dreams]
[shows a logo making process, La de Rojo example]
[360 degres design]
[Branding, Buenos Aires Tailored example]
[Web Disign and responsive web development, Buenos Aires Tailored exampe]
[Packaging and stationary design]
[Brand Book exmaple]
[Graphic design, Rio Perdido examples]
[Photo montages and interior design, Rio Perdido example]
[Merchandising, Rio Perdido examples]
[Web app]
[Brand Identity and digital media, Tecnitranslation examples]
[Social media and photo shoot briefings, Tecnitranslation example]
[Web Design, Rio Perdido examples]
[Corporate and events]
[Infographics, social media press kist]
[Presentations and responsive web sites]
[Event settings]
[logo Chimera]
[Chimera directoion site]